# Server Setup
The plan of this repo is to set up all of my websites and services with Docker and Ansible. I have done automated server set up before in [my previous server-setup](https://github.com/banool/server-setup-old) repo, but that was all just janky shell scripts. Here we go!

## How to use
Firstly, you need to set a million variables in vars.json. See fake_vars.json to see what kvs you need.

```
pipenv install
pipenv shell
export ANSIBLE_CONFIG=ansible.cfg
ansible-playbook -i hosts everything.yaml --extra-vars "@vars.json"
ansible-playbook -i hosts interactive.yaml 
```
If you want to make your life easier for developing this, throw this in: `--extra-vars='ansible_become_pass=<sudopassword>`.

Similarly, this playbook will make testing and whatnot easier (it opens ports to the control host):
```
ansible-playbook -i hosts open_dev_ports.yaml
```

To update the containers:
```
ansible-playbook -i hosts containers.yaml
```

To check that your sites are up, use this:
```
python3 check.py --read-from-vars
```

To get notified at 10am every day if one of the sites is down, put something like this in your crontab:
```
#!/bin/bash

MAILTO=""

0 10 * * * $HOME/.bash_profile; $HOME/.bash_profile; output=`python3 /Users/dport/github/server-setup/check.py --read-from-vars` || output=$output bash -c 'printf "$output" > /tmp/broken_sites && /usr/local/bin/terminal-notifier -title "Some of your sites are broken" -message "$output" -open file:///tmp/broken_sites'
```

**Note:** To make this production ready, make sure to set development_mode to prod in vars.json

## Most useful resources
- https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_intro.html
  - Especially the part about listening to generic topics.

## Expected conditions of the remote server to begin with
- A user called `daniel` with sudo power exists with SSH key based access already set up

## Other useful stuff
See the `/sys/` related answer [at this link](https://askubuntu.com/questions/149054)
to decrease the brightness / turn off the screen.

There is a bug with podman and slirp4netns right now. To fix it, see this comment: https://github.com/containers/libpod/issues/5420#issuecomment-603355711.

If you use the systemd file generated by podman, you can't see the logs in journalctl. Instead, don't use forking mode and don't use `-d`: https://github.com/containers/libpod/issues/4720#issuecomment-567334627.

Make sure to put something in the root crontab that mounts your exeternal harddrive if you have attached.

Make sure to tigthen up the SSH login config.

You probably want to change how the nginx logs rotate: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44180125/keep-the-nginx-logs-of-the-last-30-days.

